Fix URL in Release Manager onboarding issue template (#894)
kubernetes/sig-release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-manager.md

    - [#sig-release](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/C2C40FMNF)
    - [#release-management](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/CJH2GBF7Y)
  - [ ] Is a [Kubernetes GitHub org member](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member)

> - [ ] Update [Release Managers](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/release-managers.md) page to include the new Release Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update [Release Managers](https://git.k8s.io/sig-release/release-managers.md) page to include the new Release Manager
```

Author: Thanks, accepted the suggestions!

Reviewer 2: @justaugustus this is some dns or another custom thing? did not know that. there are any docs explaining that?
